Add October, 2024 PTG recap blog post (#256)
kata-containers/www.katacontainers.io: src/pages/blog/kata-community-ptg-updates-october-2024.md

The merge-to-main activity also came up during the session, which is the effort to merge the feature branch that implements the CoCo integration into Kata, into the main branch of the Kata repository. The two communities had some bandwidth issues in the past that delayed finishing this task in a timely fashion. The conclusion during this PTG session was that the effort is now about 90% there and contributors are overall satisfied with where they are currently. They touched on a few outstanding items, which are still in the works, but they are not critical features.

> The last topic that came up was about whether to add systemd to the initRD and have guest components managed by the kata-agent, which is not a systems management process, this way. One factor that can be a deciding factor in this is init data, which CoCo will start to rely on. Either Kata can manage init data, or there can be a separate daemon which runs before Kata starts, however, it introduces timing issues and will likely not work with systemd. Contributors discussed some details of the different approaches, but have not made decisions yet on how to move forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last topic that came up was about whether to add systemd to the initrd and stop the guest components being managed by the kata-agent, which is not a systems management process. One feature that influences is [initdata](https://github.com/confidential-containers/confidential-containers/issues/171), which CoCo will start to rely on. Either Kata can manage init data, or there can be a separate daemon which runs before Kata starts. Contributors discussed some details of the different approaches, but have not made decisions yet on how to move forward.
```
